# sling
A cross-platform momentum based first-person speedrunning/puzzle game made in the quakespasm engine. May or may not hurt your eyes.

# About
Sling was a quake mod that I made around 2015. The game revolves around controlling your momentum to get through a level as fast as possible. I thought it was an interesting idea, and could be a great game if given enough polish. Over a few years, I learned the ins and outs of the Quake engine, and then got started on making assets, levels, and code. The engine is derived from QuakeSpasm version 0.92, and I have made minor changes to work better with Sling, such as removing the client's ability to connect to external servers. I made it in QuakeSpasm because I am too lazy to learn a new engine, and I thouroughly enjoy the physics in Quake and how it controls. In theory, this client is Quake compatible, but that is not it's intention and I strongly reccomend not using Sling as a Quake or QuakeSpasm replacement. I am making this game open source under the GPLv2.0 licence, so you are free to modify the game to your heart's content and publish it, just please give me credit (Quentin Jankosky). I hope you have fun playing it when it is at an acceptable state.

# Thanks
I would like to give thanks to Ericw, as he is the one who has made a majority of the tools as well as the engine used for making this game. I would also like to thank all of my friends that put up with my shit to try Sling out and tell me what they thought. I would like to thank John Carmack, John Romero, and the entirety of the original id team for making such amazing games and technologies. I would like to thank the community of QuakeOne.com, as they awnsered many of the questions I have had learning how to manipulate Quake. I would also like to thank Cobalt for teaching me QuakeC, as without him, this would have never have been made.
